.TH RC 7

.SH NAME
rc \- RTags client

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rc [options]

.B rc [\-\-help|\-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
RTags client.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS RDM options

.TP
.BR \-\-quit\-rdm|\-q\ [\fIarg\fR]
Tell server to shut down. If \fIarg\fR is broadcast:10 tell all rdm on the farm to quit with exit code 10.

.TP
.BR \-\-connect\-timeout\ \fItimeout\fR
Timeout for connecting to rdm in ms (default 1000).

.SS Project management

.TP
.BR \-\-clear|\-C
Clear projects.

.TP
.BR \-\-project|\-w\ [\fIname\fR]
If specified, select project matching \fIname\fR if unique, otherwise list all projects.

.TP
.BR \-\-delete\-project|\-W\ [\fIname\fR]
Delete all projects matching regexp.

.TP
.BR \-\-unload|\-u\ [\fIarg\fR]
Unload project(s) matching argument.

.TP
.BR \-\-reload\-projects|\-z
Reload projects from projects file.

.TP
.BR \-\-jobcount|\-j\ [\fIn\fR]
Set or query current job count.

.TP
.BR \-\-syncproject
Synchronize current project ASAP.


.SS Indexing

.TP
.BR \-\-compile|\-c\ [\fIargs\fR]
Pass compilation arguments to rdm.

.TP
.BR \-\-load\-compilation\-database|\-J\ [\fIjson\fR]
Load compile_commands.json from directory

.TP
.BR \-\-suspend\-file|\-X\ [\fIarg\fR]
Dump suspended files (don't track changes in these files) with no arg. Otherwise toggle suspension for arg.


.SS Querying

.TP
.BR \-\-follow\-location|\-f\ \fIlocation\fR
Follow this location.

.TP
.BR \-\-references\-name|\-R\ \fIarg\fR
Find references matching arg.

.TP
.BR \-\-references|\-r\ \fIlocation\fR
Find references matching this location.

.TP
.BR \-\-list\-symbols|\-S\ [\fIpattern\fR]
List symbol names matching \fIpattern\fR.

.TP
.BR \-\-find\-symbols|\-F\ \fIarg\fR
Find symbols matching arg.

.TP
.BR \-\-cursor\-info|\-U\ \fIlocation\fR
Get cursor info for this location.

.TP
.BR \-\-status|\-s\ [\fIarg\fR]                     Dump status of rdm. Arg can be symbols or symbolNames.

.TP
.BR \-\-is\-indexed|\-T\ [\fIfile\fR]
Check if rtags knows about, and is ready to return information about, this source file.

.TP
.BR \-\-is\-indexing
Check if rtags is currently indexing files.

.TP
.BR \-\-has\-filemanager\ [\fIoptional\fR]
Check if rtags has info about files in this directory.

.TP
.BR \-\-preprocess|\-E\ [\fIfile\fR]
Preprocess file.

.TP
.BR \-\-reindex|\-V\ [\fIpattern\fR]
Reindex all files or all files matching \fIpattern\fR.

.TP
.BR \-\-path|\-P\ [\fIpattern\fR]
Print files matching pattern.

.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-file|\-d\ \fIfile\fR
Dump source file.

.TP
.BR \-\-rdm\-log|\-g
Receive logs from rdm.

.TP
.BR \-\-fixits\ \fIfile\fR
Get fixits for file.

.TP
.BR \-\-remove|\-D\ \fIfile\fR
Remove file from project.

.TP
.BR \-\-find\-project\-root\ [\fIarg\fR]
Use to check behavior of find\-project\-root.

.TP
.BR \-\-find\-project\-build\-root\ [\fIarg\fR]
Use to check behavior of find\-project\-root for builds.

.TP
.BR \-\-sources\ \fIfile\fR
Dump sources for source file.

.TP
.BR \-\-dependencies\ \fIfile\fR
Dump dependencies for source file.

.TP
.BR \-\-reload\-file\-manager|\-B
Reload file manager.

.TP
.BR \-\-man
Output XML for xmltoman to generate man page for rc :\-)

.TP
.BR \-\-code\-complete\-at|\-l\ \fIlocation\fR
Code complete at location: arg is file:line:col.

.TP
.BR \-\-prepare\-code\-complete\-at|\-b\ \fIlocation\fR
Prepare code completion at location: arg is file:line:col.

.TP
.BR \-\-send\-diagnostics\ [\fIarg\fR]
Only for debugging. Send data to all \-g connections.

.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-completions
Dump cached completions.


.SS Common


.TP
.BR \-\-strip\-paren|\-p
Strip parens in various contexts.

.TP
.BR \-\-max|\-M\ \fIlines\fR
Max lines of output for queries.

.TP
.BR \-\-reverse\-sort|\-O
Sort output reversed.

.TP
.BR \-\-unsaved\-file\ \fIfile\fR
Pass unsaved file on command line. E.g. \-\-unsaved\-file=main.cpp:1200 then write 1200 bytes on stdin.

.TP
.BR \-\-log\-file|\-L\ \fIfile\fR
Log to this file.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-context|\-N
Don't print context for locations.

.TP
.BR \-\-path\-filter|\-i\ \fIpattern\fR
Filter out results not matching \fIpattern\fR.

.TP
.BR \-\-range\-filter\ [\fIarg\fR]
Filter out results not in the specified range.

.TP
.BR \-\-filter\-system\-headers|\-H
Don't exempt system headers from path filters.

.TP
.BR \-\-all\-references|\-e
Include definitions/declarations/constructors/destructors for references. Used for rename symbol.

.TP
.BR \-\-elisp\-list|\-Y
Output elisp: (list "one" "two" ...).

.TP
.BR \-\-diagnostics|\-G
Receive continual diagnostics from rdm.

.TP
.BR \-\-xml\-diagnostics|\-m
Receive continual XML formatted diagnostics from rdm.

.TP
.BR \-\-match\-regexp|\-Z
Treat various text patterns as regexps (\-P, \-i, \-V).

.TP
.BR \-\-match\-icase|\-I
Match case insensitively

.TP
.BR \-\-absolute\-path|\-K
Print files with absolute path.

.TP
.BR \-\-socket\-file|\-n\ [\fIfile\fR]
Use this socket file (default ~/.rdm).

.TP
.BR \-\-timeout|\-y\ \fItimeout\fR
Max time in ms to wait for job to finish (default no timeout).

.TP
.BR \-\-find\-virtuals|\-k
Use in combinations with \-R or \-r to show other implementations of this function.

.TP
.BR \-\-find\-file\-prefer\-exact|\-A
Use to make \-\-find\-file prefer exact matches over partial matches.

.TP
.BR \-\-cursorinfo\-include\-parents
Use to make \-\-cursor\-info include parent cursors.

.TP
.BR \-\-cursorinfo\-include\-targets
Use to make \-\-cursor\-info include target cursors.

.TP
.BR \-\-cursorinfo\-include\-references
Use to make \-\-cursor\-info include reference cursors.

.TP
.BR \-\-cursor\-kind
Include cursor kind in \-\-find\-symbols output.

.TP
.BR \-\-display\-name
Include display name in \-\-find\-symbols output.

.TP
.BR \-\-current\-file\ \fIfile\fR
Pass along which file is being edited to give rdm a better chance at picking the right project.

.TP
.BR \-\-declaration\-only
Filter out definitions (unless inline).

.TP
.BR \-\-imenu
Use with \-\-list\-symbols to provide output for (rtags\-imenu) (filter namespaces, fully qualified function names, ignore certain cursors etc).

.TP
.BR \-\-containing\-function|\-o
Include name of containing function in output.

.TP
.BR \-\-build\-index\ [\fIarg\fR]
For sources with multiple builds, use the arg'th.

.TP
.BR \-\-compilation\-flags\-only
For \-\-source, only print compilation flags.

.TP
.BR \-\-compilation\-flags\-split\-line
For \-\-source, print one compilation flag per line.

.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-include\-headers
For \-\-dump\-file, also dump dependencies.

.TP
.BR \-\-silent\-query
Don't log this request in rdm.

.TP
.BR \-\-synchronous\-completions
Wait for completion results.

.TP
.BR \-\-unescape\-compile\-commands
Unescape \'s and unquote arguments to \-c.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-unescape\-compile\-commands
Escape \'s and unquote arguments to \-c.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-sort\-references\-by\-input
Don't sort references by input position.

.TP
.BR \-\-project\-root\ [\fIarg\fR]
Override project root for compile commands.

.TP
.BR \-\-rtags\-config\ [\fIarg\fR]
Print out .rtags\-config for argument.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH SEE ALSO

