.TH RDM 7

.SH NAME
rdm \- RTags daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rdm [options]

.B rdm [\-\-help|\-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
RTags server  that indexes C/C++ code and keeps a persistent in-memory database
of references, declarations, definitions, symbolnames etc.  There's also limited
support for ObjC/ObjC++. It allows you to find symbols by name (including class
and namespace scope). Most importantly we give you proper follow-symbol and
find-references support. We also have neat little things like rename-symbol,
integration with clang's "fixits" (http://clang.llvm.org/diagnostics.html). We
also integrate with flymake using clang's vastly superior errors and warnings.
Since rtags constantly will reindex "dirty" files you get live updating of
compiler errors and warnings. Since we already know how to compile your sources
we have a way to quickly bring up the preprocessed output of the current source
file in a buffer.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-\-help|\-h
Display this page.

.TP
.BR \-\-server|\-s\ \fIarg\fR
Run as server with no arg or connect to arg as server.

.TP
.BR \-\-enable\-job\-server|\-z
Enable job server.

.TP
.BR \-\-include\-path|\-I\ \fIpath\fR
Add additional include path to clang.

.TP
.BR \-\-define|\-D\ \fIarg\fR
Add additional define directive to clang.

.TP
.BR \-\-log\-file|\-L\ \fIfile\fR
Log to this file.

.TP
.BR \-\-append|\-A
Append to log file.

.TP
.BR \-\-verbose|\-v
Change verbosity, multiple \-v's are allowed.

.TP
.BR \-\-clear\-project\-caches|\-C
Clear out project caches.

.TP
.BR \-\-disable\-sighandler|\-x
Disable signal handler to dump stack for crashes.

.TP
.BR \-\-clang\-includepath|\-P
Use clang include paths by default.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-Wall|\-W
Don't use \-Wall.

.TP
.BR \-\-Wlarge\-by\-value\-copy|\-r\ \fIarg\fR
Use \-Wlarge\-by\-value\-copy=[arg] when invoking clang.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-spell\-checking|\-l
Don't pass \-fspell\-checking.

.TP
.BR \-\-unlimited\-error|\-f
Pass \-ferror\-limit=0 to clang.

.TP
.BR \-\-silent|\-S
No logging to stdout.

.TP
.BR \-\-exclude\-filter|\-X\ \fIarg\fR
Files to exclude from rdm, default "*/CMakeFiles/*;*/cmake*/Modules/*;*/conftest.c*;/tmp/*".

.TP
.BR \-\-sync\-threshold|\-y\ \fIn\fR
Automatically sync after \fIn\fR files indexed.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-rc|\-N
Don't load any rc files.

.TP
.BR \-\-ignore\-printf\-fixits|\-F
Disregard any clang fixit that looks like it's trying to fix format for printf and friends.

.TP
.BR \-\-config|\-c\ \fIrcfile\fR
Use \fIrcfile\fR instead of ~/.rdmrc.

.TP
.BR \-\-data\-dir|\-d\ \fIdir\fR
Use this directory to store persistent data (default ~/.rtags).

.TP
.BR \-\-socket\-file|\-n\ \fIfile\fR
Use this \fIfile\fR for the server socket (default ~/.rdm).

.TP
.BR \-\-tcp\-port|\-p\ \fIport\fR
Use this port for tcp server (default 12526).

.TP
.BR \-\-setenv|\-e\ \fIvar=value\fR
Set this environment variable (\-\-setenv "foobar=1").

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-current\-project|\-o
Don't restore the last current project on startup.

.TP
.BR \-\-disallow\-multiple\-sources|\-m
With this setting different sources will be merged for each source file.

.TP
.BR \-\-separate\-debug\-and\-release|\-E
Normally rdm doesn't consider release and debug as different builds. Pass this if you want it to.

.TP
.BR \-\-unload\-timer|\-u\ \fIm\fR
Number of minutes to wait before unloading non\-current projects (disabled by default).

.TP
.BR \-\-job\-count|\-j\ \fIn\fR
Spawn this many concurrent processes for indexing (default 4).

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-local\-compiles|\-J
Don't run rp ever. For debugging.

.TP
.BR \-\-watch\-system\-paths|\-w
Watch system paths for changes.

.TP
.BR \-\-rp\-visit\-file\-timeout|\-t\ \fItimeout\fR
Timeout for rp visitfile commands in ms (0 means no timeout) (default 60000).

.TP
.BR \-\-rp\-indexer\-message\-timeout|\-T\ \fItimeout\fR
Timeout for rp indexer\-message in ms (0 means no timeout) (default 60000).

.TP
.BR \-\-rp\-connect\-timeout|\-O\ \fItimeout\fR
Timeout for connection from rp to rdm in ms (0 means no timeout) (default 0).

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-filemanager\-watch|\-M
Don't use a file system watcher for filemanager.

.TP
.BR \-\-suspend\-rp\-on\-crash|\-q\ \fIarg\fR
Suspend rp in SIGSEGV handler (default off).

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-no\-unknown\-warnings\-option|\-Y
Don't pass \-Wno\-unknown\-warning\-option

.TP
.BR \-\-ignore\-compiler|\-b\ \fIarg\fR
Alias this compiler (Might be practical to avoid duplicated sources for things like icecc).

.TP
.BR \-\-multicast\-address|\-a\ \fIaddr\fR
Use this address for multicast (default 237.50.50.50).

.TP
.BR \-\-multicast\-port|\-P\ \fIport\fR
Use this port for multicast (default 12526 + 1 + 1).

.TP
.BR \-\-http\-port|\-H\ \fIport\fR
Use this port for http (default 12526 + 1).

.TP
.BR \-\-reschedule\-timeout|\-R
Timeout for rescheduling remote jobs (default 15000).

.TP
.BR \-\-max\-pending\-preprocess\-size|\-G
Max preprocessed translation units to keep around (default 100).

.TP
.BR \-\-force\-preprocessing|\-g
Preprocess files even without using multiple hosts.

.TP
.BR \-\-thread\-stack\-size|\-k\ \fIbytes\fR
Set stack size for threadpool to this (default 4194304).

.TP
.BR \-\-completion\-cache\-size|\-i\ \fIsize\fR
Number of translation units to cache (default 10).

.TP
.BR \-\-extra\-compilers|\-U\ \fIarg\fR
Override additional "known" compilers. E.g. \-U foobar;c++, foobar;c or foobar:objective\-c or just foobar.

.TP
.BR \-\-max\-crash\-count|\-K\ \fIn\fR
Number of restart attempts for a translation unit when rp crashes (default 5).

.TP
.BR \-\-multicast\-ttl|\-B\ \fIarg\fR
Set multicast TTL to arg.

.TP
.BR \-\-compression|\-Z\ \fImode\fR
Compression type. Arg should be "always", "remote" or "none" ("none"

.SH EXAMPLES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH SEE ALSO
    rc(7)
