.TH RC 7

.SH NAME
rc \- RTags client

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rc [options]

.B rc [\-\-help|\-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
RTags client.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS RDM options

.TP
.SS Options:
.TP
.BR \-\-verbose|\-v
Be more verbose.
.TP
.BR \-\-silent|\-Q
Be silent.
.TP
.BR \-\-help|\-h
Display this help.

.SS Rdm:
.TP
.BR \-\-quit\-rdm|\-q
Tell server to shut down with optional exit code as argument.
.TP
.BR \-\-connect\-timeout\ [\fIarg\fR]
Timeout for connecting to rdm in ms (default 1000).

.SS Project management:
.TP
.BR \-\-clear|\-C
Clear projects.
.TP
.BR \-\-project|\-w\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
With arg, select project matching that if unique, otherwise list all projects.
.TP
.BR \-\-delete\-project|\-W\ [\fIarg\fR]
Delete all projects matching regex.
.TP
.BR \-\-reload\-projects|\-z
Reload projects from projects file.
.TP
.BR \-\-jobcount|\-j\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Set or query current job count. (Prefix with l to set low\-priority\-job\-count).

.SS Indexing commands:
.TP
.BR \-\-compile|\-c\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Pass compilation arguments to rdm.
.TP
.BR \-\-load\-compilation\-database|\-J\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]  L
oad compile_commands.json from directory
.TP
.BR \-\-suspend|\-X\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Dump suspended files (don't track changes in these files) with no arg. Otherwise toggle suspension for arg.

.SS Query commands:
.TP
.BR \-\-follow\-location|\-f [\fIarg\fR]
Follow this location.
.TP
.BR \-\-references\-name|\-R\ [\fIarg\fR]
Find references matching arg.
.TP
.BR \-\-references|\-r [\fIarg\fR]
Find references matching this location.
.TP
.BR \-\-list\-symbols|\-S\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
List symbol names matching arg.
.TP
.BR \-\-find\-symbols|\-F\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Find symbols matching arg.
.TP
.BR \-\-symbol\-info|\-U\ [\fIarg\fR]
Get cursor info for this location.
.TP
.BR \-\-status|\-s\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Dump status of rdm. Arg can be symbols or symbolNames.
.TP
.BR \-\-is\-indexed|\-T\ [\fIarg\fR]
Check if rtags knows about, and is ready to return information about, this source file.
.TP
.BR \-\-is\-indexing
Check if rtags is currently indexing files.
.TP
.BR \-\-has\-filemanager\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Check if rtags has info about files in this directory.
.TP
.BR \-\-preprocess|\-E\ [\fIarg\fR]
Preprocess file.
.TP
.BR \-\-reindex|\-V\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Reindex all files or all files matching pattern.
.TP
.BR \-\-check\-reindex|\-x\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Check if reindexing is necessary for all files matching pattern.
.TP
.BR \-\-path|\-P\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Print files matching pattern.
.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-file|\-d\ [\fIarg\fR]
Dump source file.
.TP
.BR \-\-generate\-test [\fIarg\fR]
Generate a test for a given source file.
.TP
.BR \-\-rdm\-log|\-g
Receive logs from rdm.
.TP
.BR \-\-fixits\ [\fIarg\fR]
Get fixits for file.
.TP
.BR \-\-remove|\-D [\fIarg\fR]
Remove file from project.
.TP
.BR \-\-find\-project\-root\ [\fIarg\fR]
Use to check behavior of find\-project\-root.
.TP
.BR \-\-find\-project\-build\-root [\fIarg\fR]
Use to check behavior of find\-project\-root for builds.
.TP
.BR \-\-sources\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Dump sources for source file.
.TP
.BR \-\-dependencies [\fIarg\fR]
Dump dependencies for source file.
.TP
.BR \-\-reload\-file\-manager|\-B
Reload file manager.
.TP
.BR \-\-man
Output XML for xmltoman to generate man page for rc :\-)
.TP
.BR \-\-code\-complete\-at|\-l\ [\fIarg\fR]
Code complete at location: arg is file:line:col.
.TP
.BR \-\-prepare\-code\-complete\-at|\-b [\fIarg\fR]
Prepare code completion at location: arg is file:line:col.
.TP
.BR \-\-send\-diagnostics\ [\fIarg\fR]
Only for debugging. Send data to all \-G connections.
.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-completions
Dump cached completions.
.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-compilation\-database
Dump compilation database for project.
.TP
.BR \-\-set\-buffers\ [\fIoptional_arg\fR]
Set active buffers (list of filenames for active buffers in editor).
.TP
.BR \-\-list\-buffers
List active buffers.

.SS Command flags:
.TP
.BR \-\-strip\-paren|\-p
Strip parens in various contexts.
.TP
.BR \-\-max|\-M\ [\fIarg\fR]
Max lines of output for queries.
.TP
.BR \-\-reverse\-sort|\-O
Sort output reversed.
.TP
.BR \-\-rename
Used for \-\-find\-references to indicate that we're using the results to rename symbols.
.TP
.BR \-\-unsaved\-file [\fIarg\fR]
Pass unsaved file on command line. E.g. \-\-unsaved\-file=main.cpp:1200 then write 1200 bytes on stdin.
.TP
.BR \-\-log\-file|\-L\ [\fIarg\fR]
Log to this file.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-context|\-N
Don't print context for locations.
.TP
.BR \-\-path\-filter|\-i [\fIarg\fR]
Filter out results not matching with arg.
.TP
.BR \-\-range\-filter\ [\fIarg\fR]
Filter out results not in the specified range.
.TP
.BR \-\-filter\-system\-headers|\-H
Don't exempt system headers from path filters.
.TP
.BR \-\-all\-references|\-e
Include definitions/declarations/constructors/destructors for references. Used for rename symbol.
.TP
.BR \-\-all\-targets
Print all targets for \-f. Used for debugging.
.TP
.BR \-\-elisp\-list|\-Y
Output elisp: (list "one" "two" ...).
.TP
.BR \-\-diagnostics|\-G
Receive continual diagnostics from rdm.
.TP
.BR \-\-xml\-diagnostics|\-m
Receive continual XML formatted diagnostics from rdm.
.TP
.BR \-\-match\-regexp|\-Z
Treat various text patterns as regexps (\-P, \-i, \-V).
.TP
.BR \-\-match\-icase|\-I
Match case insensitively
.TP
.BR \-\-absolute\-path|\-K
Print files with absolute path.
.TP
.BR \-\-socket\-file|\-n [\fIarg\fR]
Use this socket file (default ~/.rdm).
.TP
.BR \-\-timeout|\-y\ [\fIarg\fR]
Max time in ms to wait for job to finish (default no timeout).
.TP
.BR \-\-find\-virtuals|\-k
Use in combinations with \-R or \-r to show other implementations of this function.
.TP
.BR \-\-find\-file\-prefer\-exact|\-A
Use to make \-\-find\-file prefer exact matches over partial matches.
.TP
.BR \-\-symbol\-info\-include\-parents
Use to make \-\-symbol\-info include parent symbols.
.TP
.BR \-\-symbol\-info\-exclude\-targets
Use to make \-\-symbol\-info exclude target symbols.
.TP
.BR \-\-symbol\-info\-exclude\-references
Use to make \-\-symbol\-info exclude reference symbols.
.TP
.BR \-\-cursor\-kind
Include cursor kind in \-\-find\-symbols output.
.TP
.BR \-\-display\-name
Include display name in \-\-find\-symbols output.
.TP
.BR \-\-current\-file [\fIarg\fR]
Pass along which file is being edited to give rdm a better chance at picking the right project.
.TP
.BR \-\-declaration\-only
Filter out definitions (unless inline).
.TP
.BR \-\-imenu
Use with \-\-list\-symbols to provide output for (rtags\-imenu) (filter namespaces, fully qualified function names, ignore certain symbols etc).
.TP
.BR \-\-containing\-function|\-o
Include name of containing function in output.
.TP
.BR \-\-build\-index\ [\fIarg\fR]
For sources with multiple builds, use the arg'th.
.TP
.BR \-\-compilation\-flags\-only
For \-\-source, only print compilation flags.
.TP
.BR \-\-compilation\-flags\-split\-line
For \-\-source, print one compilation flag per line.
.TP
.BR \-\-dump\-include\-headers
For \-\-dump\-file, also dump dependencies.
.TP
.BR \-\-silent\-query
Don't log this request in rdm.
.TP
.BR \-\-synchronous\-completions
Wait for completion results.
.TP
.BR \-\-unescape\-compile\-commands
Unescape \'s and unquote arguments to \-c.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-unescape\-compile\-commands
Escape \'s and unquote arguments to \-c.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-sort\-references\-by\-input
Don't sort references by input position.
.TP
.BR \-\-project\-root [\fIarg\fR]
Override project root for compile commands.
.TP
.BR \-\-rtags\-config\ [\fIarg\fR]
Print out .rtags\-config for argument.
.TP
.BR \-\-wildcard\-symbol\-names|\-a
Expand * like wildcards in \-\-list\-symbols and \-\-find\-symbols.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-color
Don't colorize context.

.SH EXAMPLES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH SEE ALSO

